{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset77 Monaco;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 OpenMac Source Code
\fs24 \

\fs28 Release Notes
\fs24 \
\

\f1\b Introduction
\f0\b0 \
After many requests, the "Open" in OpenMac has finally become true. It's opensource. This has been my goal ever since the project started - to create a nice easy way for users to get into one IRC channel. Instead of having to mess around with a weird IRC client which your novice users won't understand, you can adapt this to your channel and make it easy for them to connect.\
\

\f1\b License\

\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs20 \cf0 Copyright (c) 2001-2002, OpenMac\
All rights reserved.\
\
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\
\
*	Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\
*	Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\
*	Neither the name of OpenMac nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\
*    Redistributions in any form are not allowed until approved by OpenMac through the e-mail address contact@openmac.org. No redistributions are allowed unless the distributing party is listed on the authorized distributor list <http://www.openmac.org/app/authorized/>.\
*    Distribution, in whole or in part, without permission from OpenMac is strictly prohibited.\
\
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\
\

\f1\b\fs24 How to customize the source
\f0\b0 \
First of all, this is definitely not a step by step tutorial on how to make a version of OpenMac for your channel. It just explains a few major details that need to be changed.\
\
1) Open up the OpenMac.pbproj file. In Project Builder, click on the Targets tab. Click on the OpenMac target at the top. Options should appear inside the main view. Click on the Application Settings box. Change the executable to the name of the program. Change the identifier to your own identifier. Apple suggests doing your domain name in reverse, and then the name of your project (openmac.org reverse, then .chat). Change the version to whatever you want it to be. You can also change the icon file here. Click on the Build Settings tab and change the product name to the name you want the executable to have. This is also where you will turn debugging symbols on and off, and code optimization. When you build for deployment, make sure you have the optimization level at the highest, and debugging symbols turned off. Otherwise, the size of the app balloons to about 8 times the actual size.\
\
2) Look in the source code. Edit globals.m include change the variables to what apply to your app. The NickServ register feature may have to be changed to the syntax of your IRC server's NickServ. That info should be in the IRCController.m file and the NickRegController.m file. other changes you may wish to change are the toolbar, and your default preferences - just follow the dirrections in Globals.m\
\
3) OpenMac has a built-in version checker. To get it working, you have to first #define an APPBUILDNUMBER in Globals.m. The one that you see in the source at first is the build number that OpenMac.app is at at the time you got the source code. You can use whatever numbering scheme you want, as long as it is whole numbers (int's don't suppor decimals) make sure that for each release you have a bigger number then you did in the previos version. You also need to create a versioncheck.txt file, with one (or more) simple(s) line in it:\
\
versionnumber;buildnumber;releasedate;urltodownload\
\
or\
\
versionnumber;buildnumber;releasedate;urltodownload;newFeatures\
\
For example, this is what OpenMac's versioncheck.txt file said for the build 8 (1.1.1):\
\
1.1.1;8;5/24/2002;http://www.openmac.org/app/OpenMac1.1.1.dmg.tgz\
\
and this is what ThinkSecret Chat's versioncheck.txt file said for the build 10 (1.3.1):\
\
1.3.1;10;6/16/02;http://www.forgottennewbies.com/thinksecret/app/ThinkSecret.bin; Bug fixes:\
- the background color in the chat window wasn't sticking between launches\
- typing /topic without a topic caused a crash, now acts as if you clicked on the topic\
- it wasn't registering mode changes (user becomes an operator, user gets banned etc)\
\
\
Now, upload this to your web site somewhere, and change the build number in ChatWindowController.m and all the version checker code in that same file. There are lots of changes to be made in that section, where OpenMac or http://www.openmac.org/ has been hard coded into strings.\
\
4) Change the InfoPlist.strings file. There are some changes you need to make there to the version information and the app name. It's under the Resources group.\
\
6) Once you've looked through all the included files and made sure everything is changed, you should be ready to test it out. Build it, and see if there's anything OpenMac-specific.\
\
7) Contact us as the above license states, and wait for approval before you distribute it in any form - source, binary, or anything. contact@openmac.org. To make sure you're totally approved, look at http://www.openmac.org/app/authorized/ to make sure you're on the list. I'd appreciate being able to take a look at your source code also, to make sure that none of the OpenMac-specific stuff is still there. But that's not required by the license.\
\
8) Look through the included URLTextView and URLMutableAttributedString license. You need to include that license in your distribution as well. I included it in the ReadMe file for OpenMac, and also enclosed a copy with this documentation. See the licenses folder.}